it ain't that serious man no oh my god
no
basically what it was man it was just I
can't believe he said that it's
foolishness man giant colorful you know
I'm Sam I'm 17 years old and doing what
you like you know it's just taking it to
a whole another level you feel what I'm
saying
and basically you should take my advice
so take someone's advice to just chill
out find a new way Oh tell you something
useful we just accept it and keep it
moving
you ain't come back oh you guys tu oh
maybe 17 and nigut is 25 is whole you
know I'm saying
so that dick don't bother because you
trying to start a war is there a war
gonna start it has to be around I mean I
feel like of course this age gap you
know there's different generations of
b-boys this is kind of embarrassing if
you ask me really I don't think it's
embarrassing
I think it's awkward man and then they
sound like third graders like you
shouldn't have done that this could be
ramifications not from me but from Susy
and Sally we've got my back yeah we're
all gonna freeze you out I see what
you're saying I mean considering the
fact that he's three centuries old I
mean he shouldn't be making a YouTube
video response I know you'll never be my
kid you single handed it out there no
saying I can't welcome from me all right
that is such garbage forgot it we good I
decided to go to my great grandfather
died before father - bigot is me I know
we Wikipedia this bigger this because
born in 1958 yeah I know your name they
got no I like job use boy three
centuries ago right hey you know they
had a good point there though kill the
police and now you're playing the cop on
TV
I kind of regret it I said it because it
turned me into a person that seemed like
I wanted beef and that's really not my
style that's the matter maybe I'm wrong
you know maybe I'm wrong maybe nobody
cares about lyrics no more maybe nobody
cares about kids they're really going to
studio and Glee all that stress you know
this is just my opinion you know my
opinion is you're garbage you did it
after we miss Edna if you happen to came
back and try to get all our respect you
[Music]